really that's good
screaming pry three quarters three
quarters Nathan full attack together
here catch and set catch instead try
good cry good great those hands just up
mock and go muck and go good Neptune
ecuador's Neptune ecuador's good crying
here crying here good one after the
other marshal one after that good good
i'm on their 7th muck and junk lock and
drive three more here into shifting down
to a 28 12 and catch sent more voice six
inches good six inches good i'm on there
to see on there to see get me on their
Valley get me on there bout good right
there lock and go together ma can go
together good hey John outs I know who
are very good connection right at 31
right now let's slow that down meal no
catch my monocle is relaxing press look
into shift down one beat one right there
there we go we're good here mocking it
go good have a seat back from their bow
seat have a seat back from the bow see
taare splits on 133 in three strokes
were taking our first move we're 126 on
the time for the first 500 let's do the
same for this middle into I'll move 1g4
playing birds stop birds down good big
lakes John they play exact ep good let's
move a boat move a boat right into the
bow one swing can swing catch n sling
peg legs down more big legs down good
into back four beats here we go
once slow it down together two blacks
hit real slow John press good i'm on
their bow ball on their bow ball boys
driving together i got open water in
evans i'm on the to see upon crest
valdek avouris horse has taken a move
let's stay ahead of them here drive
together good drive together good we r
750 in 750 in one legs boys one catch
one cent good good boys getting together
getting together good outside shoulder
to me outside shoulder to me Boyce I
need more on the legs more on the legs
into let's fire those legs down one
cheap I'm back on there to see they came
out two seats that's all right let's get
it back try and go drive and go free hey
we do slow it down to be slow it down
good in five strokes were taking a five
together in five strokes are in the last
500 here we go into 125 here George duck
George doubt good big legs mauricio big
legs Neil good represented boys that to
be on our teams trying to beat your time
do not let it happen good in to shift it
down one beat one two and pull catch
relax John I'm on the bouncy Devore's on
the six eat of pinecrest boys I'm all we
got a three-seat lead on Pine Crest keep
it firm Marshall keep it farmer shal
good big legs break right into the bad
boys right into the back in five let's
take a mental five boys all you got beat
the battle up front
let's get those shirts into one to go
for it now mark go go Phillip right
there out of 33 in shock these are the
last twenty strokes I got a one-seat
lead on Pine Crest boys hey John more
come on boys we worked very hard for
this reach together one prescott one
prescott good boys but scream at the end
I want all smiles and tears at the end
of the line drive together finishes now
into up to one last bus to go for now
catching John kitchen drawers get it
boys get it boys finishes finishes yeah
yeah